# Udon Tairiku

## What's this?

Udon Tairiku is __POST ONLY__ twitter client for iPhone OS.

It consept is same as [Ra-men Tairiku](http://www16.atpages.jp/nigore/soft/).

## Requirements

* iPhone OS 3.1.3- (iPod touch, iPhone)

## Install

Now I don't have iPhone developer licence.

### Cydia

* Add Source: http://cydia.myrepospace.com/sorah/
* Search: udon

### JB + Mac + XCode + iPhone SDK

<http://adeem.me/blog/2009/05/15/video-tutorial-bypassing-code-signature-in-xcode-installing-jail-break-application-to-iphone/>

### Mac + XCode + iPhone SDK + iPhone developer licence

Build and install by XCode.

## To-Do

* Show Timeline & Mentions

## License

This software is MIT license. (without MGTwitterEngine, OAuthConsumer)

### The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Sora Harakami

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

## Legals

* This software includes [MGTwitterEngine](http://github.com/mattgemmell/MGTwitterEngine) code by Matt Gemmell.
* This software includes [OAuthConsumer](http://github.com/jdg/oauthconsumer) code.
